Document for Getting started with service binding (#37088)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sbo-deploying-the-spring-petclinic-sample-application.adoc

[id="sbo-deploying-the-spring-petclinic-sample-application_{context}"]
= Deploying the Spring PetClinic sample application

> For deploying the Spring PetClinic sample application on an {product-title} cluster, you have to use a deployment configuration and configure your local environment to be able to test the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the Spring PetClinic sample application on an {product-title} cluster, use a deployment configuration and configure your local environment to test the application.
```
See similar comments above.

[discrete]
.Procedure

> . Deploy the `spring-petclinic-rest` application with the `PostgresCluster` custom resource (CR) by executing the following command in shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Deploy the `spring-petclinic-rest` application with the `PostgresCluster` custom resource (CR) by running the following command:
```

          image: quay.io/baijum/spring-petclinic-rest:latest
          env:
          - name: SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE
            value: postgresql,spring-data-jpa
          ports:
          - name: http
            containerPort: 9966
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: spring-petclinic-rest
  namespace: my-postgresql
spec:
  ports:
  - port: 80
    targetPort: 9966
  selector:
    app: spring-petclinic-rest
EOD
----
+
The output verifies that the Spring PetClinic sample application is created and deployed:
+
.Example output
----
deployment.apps/spring-petclinic-rest created
service/spring-petclinic-rest created
----

. Set up the port forwarding from the application port to access the sample application from your local environment:
+
----
$ oc port-forward --address 0.0.0.0 svc/spring-petclinic-rest 9966:80 -n my-postgresql
----

. Access link:http://localhost:9966/petclinic[http://localhost:9966/petclinic].
+
You can now remotely access the Spring PetClinic sample application at localhost:9966.
+
[NOTE]
====
The application is not yet connected to the database service. If you try to interact with the application, it will return errors.
====
+

> For example, if you try to access the list of all pets, you can see an error like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you try to access the list of all pets using `curl`, you might see an error message similar to the following sample message:
```
Consider adding `using curl` to provide context in the introduction.

Per IBM style guide, use "error message" instead of "error".
